# E-Notifier 
This android app uses a MetaWear board as a simple and interactive notification system, utilizing Bluetooth low energy. 
### Executive Project Summary

Sometimes there arises a situation where an elderly or disabled person becomes incapacitated and is unable to contact a caregiver or an emergency service using conventional methods such as phone calls or text messages. E-Notifier offers a practical and convenient solution to this, unfortunately, common situation. Many similar medical alert systems are on the market today, however, these systems are bulky, unfashionable, and serve no other purpose except to be used during emergencies. E-Notifier is small enough to be both wearable and customizable. Customers can wear the button as a necklace or bracelet to match personal style, but also have the option of carrying it in their pocket or handbag. The system is an android application based, a noteworthy improvement on the traditional beacon based systems. In this application, users can set predefined emergency contact(s) and message, to call or text during any emergency with just a push of a button, without dealing with the hassle of finding, unlocking the phone. 

E-Notifier can also be used to keep the customer up to date on their phone or social media. The various LED lights can be programed to alert for text messages, calls, or social media updates. This gives E-Notifier more functionality than other systems on the market and ensures that has a positive and productive experience with the product. Overall, E-Notifier is a simple to use application that solves a common problem faced by elderly and disabled people who want to live more independent lifestyles. The system is also more user friendly and functional than other competitive systems.
